# Module-21-Individual-Self-Assessment-Deliverable

For this group project I was tasked with managing our GitHub repository and creating the dashboard to represent our project. Managing the GitHub repository was an important task that we, as a group, all participated in, but I completed the final cleaning and merging of all the required branches. I also performed peer-editing, looking throughout the entire repository for any miscellaneous files or unfinished code.My biggest challenges were learning how to navigate throughout each branch and learning how to manually edit the repository. Although I learned many new methods needed to navigate GitBash, I ultimately reverted back to using the desktop and GitHub to finalize the commits. I want to continue learning and using GitBash to better my skills within GitHub. As for the parts of the project that I didn’t directly contribute to, I did my best to help troubleshoot with Slack Overflow, give my personal feedback, and make improvements to our project where I could.

For the duration of our project we predominantly used Slack to communicate amongst the group and with our instructors. We worked fairly independently, but made ourselves available to answer questions and help each other complete our tasks. The most challenging aspect of our group project was creating a working algorithm. Initially, our dataset wasn’t correct, resulting in many issues using the dataset with the machine learning model.The strength of our group was that we all put forth a lot of time and effort to create the best project that we could. I commend my group for that. If I could offer any suggestions for future groups, maybe try group coding for the machine learning portion of the project. Maybe some of the issues that we ran into wouldn’t have been as prevalent. 

Our project was to create a machine learning model that could most accurately predict the final home selling prices, to better help potential home buyers in the decision making process. Many factors comprise the valuation and selling prices of homes. With our project, for more accuracy, we should have narrowed our dataset. Although important to the home buyer, many of these factors may have been removed from the dataset to better align with the most important factors first, then we could have added other data-points if needed. We chose to use *A) Random Forest Regression (RFR) *B) Gradient Boosting (GB), as our machine learning model because our data was not normally distributed, it was decided that a non-parametric model such as RFR would result optimally. GB was also selected for its ability to minimize data loss. We were able to determine, fairly accurately, that despite the most prevalent factors, home 
